is it work
all ready for a living
fertility
I really did miss those nice little
tunes that introduced all the under use
weapons videos it's been a while since
we've done that and that was one of my
favorite battlefield 2 loading screen
menu songs I think if you play
battlefield 2 that will bring back some
really really good memories well what's
going on guys in the works and yes we
are doing an underused weapons today
this will actually be the second one
here on battlefield 4 and a lot of
people were wondering in my last video
it's like okay well what weapons you're
going to do and you know this has been a
lot tougher to do under use weapons in
battlefield 4 than it wasn't battlefield
3 because I feel like a lot of the
weapons are more balanced but I think
everyone can agree that the most
underpowered and underused carbine in
the game is the g36c it seems like it
it's the one weapon that everyone can
agree on need some sort of buff because
it went from being a really solid choice
in Bethel to three to beam the what at
the heck am i doing using this weapon
choice in battlefield 4 and I wanted to
make sure I got the g36 episode out
before any sort of major weapon changes
are pushed out by dice because it's nice
to see where the weapon was and then
where it was after the patch I think
that's what underused weapons has always
done well it's always been a series that
looks at some of the lesser used weapons
on the battlefield and say hey why are
people not using this isn't an
underappreciated weapon or perhaps it
just sucks all you know outright I think
the g36c if you look at the base stats
at shoot 650 rounds per minute which is
a hundred less than the battlefield 3
counterpart and a hundred less than what
you know the actual makers of the weapon
says it should shoot because if you go
to the website for Agent K it says the
g36c shoots 703 else for a minute so it
made me scratch my head whenever I was
looking at it for the first time after
unlocking it was like well why on earth
did dice feel like they needed to nerf
it and common logic would say typically
when the fire rate goes down the
controllability of the weapon goes up
dice tends to balance that out it's the
way it always has been so if you have a
weapon that has a good you know medium
fire rate typically it's really easy to
control at the medium the long ranges
making it excel in those ranges over
something like the a91 which shoots
really quick or even like the mtar which
is another fast fire a weapon and for
some reason the g36c just doesn't seem
to get those bone
says I mean if you're going to compare
it to like the aku 12 or the tight 95 it
really doesn't do anything better than
them I mean in most scenarios you're
better off using both of those weapons I
mean they do have some slight
differences here and there but for the
most part it is an easier to control
weapon the same with the tight 95 you
know the cube z-95 same same weapon that
was in battlefield 3 so I find a hard
time really breaking the g36 down as a
usable weapon now I'm sure there's a lot
of fans out there oh man I love this
weapon and I've done fine with it i have
done you know i have over 200 kills with
the g36c like it kind of surprised me
when I was doing this video was going
scrolling through in a sick man I've
actually racked up a lot of kills with
this thing because I have been trying
for a long time to find a role for the
g36 tea and I have struggled it has been
a very painful painful adventure because
when i use it i'm just like why well why
are we using that and it's really
nothing against the weapon well i guess
it really is something against 11 cuz it
sucks but i love the g 36 it's one of
the coolest assault rifles in the world
i love using in video games I've always
been a fan of it I mean it looks awesome
I mean just the way it reloads it's just
it's just pleasing and I would say
that's pretty much the only reason why I
would ever suggest using this typically
when I do it under use weapons I try to
find a reason to use that to use a
particular weapon and I mean the g36c
isn't hard to control I'm gonna be the
first to tell you that I'm not saying
that it's a hard to control weapon they
only shoot 650 rounds per minute I'm
just saying that when compared to like
the aku or even the type 95 those are
slightly easier to control it just makes
more sense to use those weapons now can
you do well using the g36c in a round
the obvious answer is yes you're not
going to find yourself I mean if you
watch this video and you use the g36c
and liked it it's probably not going to
change your opinion too much I mean if
you've done well with the weapon if you
like using it by all means use it I mean
this is a video game it's there to have
fun it's there to experiment with
different rifles but I would like to see
them take it up to 750 because like I
said you can do well in around there's
no doubt about that this particular
paracel storm round
little clips I've been showing you from
it both games I did really awesome with
it i think one game i got like 45 kills
in like 10 best on paracel storm so it's
far from being an unusable weapon like
I've seen a lot of people say I've seen
a lot of people really hammering Alan
Kurt st. you need to buff the g36c it's
unusable blah blah blah and I will admit
it's underpowered it needs some sort of
advantage over the other rifles to make
it a choice to make it something that I
want to use but I wouldn't say that it's
unusable I would just say that it's
underused so let me know what you guys
think do you like the g36c would you
like to see a change I personally would
love to see it go back to its 750 RPM
standard that is what the standard H&K
g36 see shoots it makes more sense why
don't we make it like the real-life guys
but let me know in the comments what
your thoughts on it I am actually
curious how popular this weapon is
because oddly enough a lot of people I
always see them experiment with it I'll
get killed by it once and they'll get
killed by the same guy a little bit
later and he stopped using it I think he
I think a lot of people like the toy
around with and realize hey these
actually kind of sucked but if you
didn't miss your past videos here's a
chance to catch up and i highly suggest
you catch my donkey kong review on the
second channel if you haven't had a
chance to watch that yet they'll see you
guys next time peace